This is a head gum original.
Guys, you know what my problem with edibles is?
I mean, sometimes you just get way too high, right?
It could be difficult to control, to dose it right, and there's nothing worse than being
baked out of your mind when you didn't plan on it.
And you know, once you eat it, there's no going back.
You just sit there, suffering, stoned out of your mind, and that's why when I need the
perfect medium high, I hit my friends at Diet's smoke for their delicious Delta 8 THC gummies.
Diet's smoke isn't light, it's just right.
So what exactly is Delta 8?
Well, Delta 8 is simply a less potent THC.
The THC that you're probably familiar with is Delta 9, and while both are natural to
the cannabis plant, Diet's smoke extracts their Delta 8 from hemp.
To make all this a loophole, I call it the secret recipe to getting a smooth, stable,
and most importantly, legal high.
Diet's smoke is legal in most states, and it's non-prescription, just check Diet's
smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state.
Now you're probably asking yourself, does Diet's smoke really get you high?
Of course!
The high you get with Diet's smoke is best described as somewhere between the chillness
of CBD and that classic stone feeling you get with regular weed.
Plus, Diet's smoke comes in two delicious flavors, blue raspberry and watermelon.
I like blue raspberry, I've always been a blue raspberry head, but Marika can't get enough
of the watermelon.
I say try them both.
So when CBD isn't enough, and traditional THC is too much, enjoy the smooth buzz
of Diet's smoke.
Each gummy is infused with 10 milligrams of Delta 8 THC drive from American grown hemp,
and you know what they say by American, get high with American.
Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar, fat free, and delicious, and did I mention their
legal?
Go to dietsmoke.com and use promo code, what's that for 10% off your order, and as a special
offer, Diet's smoke's coupon code can be used on every order, all right, not just your
first.
That's dietsmoke.com promo code, what's that for 20% off, actually?
20% off your first order, and every order after that.
Diet's smoke's Delta 8 THC gummies are not for use or sale to people under the age of 21.
Please use responsibly.
Thanks Diet's smoke.
Hearts Kindred by Zona Gail, chapter 1, a hud of bark thatched with palm leaves, a gigantic
rock at whose base lay old ashes, an open grassy space bordering a narrow mountain stream,
and a little garden.
These made the home of the anger, where a man might live and die as a man was meant.
Neither planning like a maniac nor yet idling like an idiot, but well content with what
the day brought forth.
Toward a June sunset, the anger sat outside his doorway, fashioning a bowl from half
a turtle shell.
Lower him the ground sloped to the edge of the garden, and beyond dropped to the clearing
edge.
When he lifted his eyes, he could look for miles along thick tops of live oaks and
lurches, and beyond, to a white line of western sea.
At his back rose the foothills, cleft by canyons, yet quite freshly green.
Above them the monstrous mountains swept the sky, and hear their flanks were shaggy, with
great pines.
The whole lay now in that glory of clear yellow by which the west gives to the evening
some hint of a desert ancestry.
The anger worked in silence.
He was not a man to sing or whistle.
Those who live alone are seldom whistling men.
Perhaps the silence becomes something definite, and not lightly to be shattered.
A man camping alone will work away quietly day long, and his dog understands.
The anger had no dog anymore.
He had owned a wolf-hound whom, in a fit of passion, he had kicked so that the dog
had died, and such was his remorse that he would own no other.
And the sight of another man's dog pulled at him as at an old wound.
It was so still that presently in that clear air, the sound of a bell in the valley came
up to him with distinctness, he looked to the south, and in a deep place in the trees
already lights twinkled out as if they liked the bells, would announce something.
The anger remembered and understood, he said aloud, the wedding.
He went on, scraping at his turtle shell, his mind on the man who would be married that
night, early so that there would be ample time for much merry-making and drunkenness before
the eastbound train at midnight.
Bunchy Hate was the man, the owner of the rundown in in the village of Inch.
The woman was the more girl, whose father abetted by the anger himself had killed a
sheriff or two for interfering with his gambling place, and had gone free, because no one
was sure whether it was he or the anger who did the shooting.
Moors' promissory notes had been accumulating in the hands of Bunchy Hate for a dozen years,
and it was no secret that the wedding settled the long score.
And in dead good luck to get a provider like Bunchy, the morgue girl is, was the way the
Inch took it, inch welcomed a wedding, and the old days it had been different and nobody
cared whether anybody had a wedding or not.
More than there had been a race track at Inch and a summer hotel and a fine glass front
showing of saloons and other magnificence.
With the passing of the California law the track had been closed, the resort keeper
said moved away and the bottom had fallen from Inch.
Mothers amused their children by telling of the traps and the foreign hands and the tally
hose with rocking horns, and the galey dressed strangers who used to throng the town for
a fortnight in spring and an autumn, when Inch knew no night and no darkness and no silence,
and abundantly prospered.
Now all this was changed.
There were literally no excitements, saved shootings and weddings.
Gemmore being supposed to have achieved to share of the former was prepared further to
adorn his position by setting up drinks for the whole village and all strangers to celebrate
his daughter's an uptrulde.
These things the anger turned over in his mind as he scraped away at his shell, and when
the dark nearly fallen he rose, shook out from the shell the last fragments polished
it with his elbow, balanced it between his hands to regard it, and came to his conclusion.
Oh, he said again, I'm busted if I don't go to it.
The next instant he laid down the shell, slipped to his door and caught up the gun that lay
inside on a shelf of the rude scantling.
A wood duck had appeared over the lower treetops, flying languagely to its nest somewhere
in the foothills.
Long before it reached the woods edge, the anger was in his doorway.
The birds have a flight ledge straight across the clearing.
In moment the big body came sailing above the hut, then it seemed to go out and it doesn't
ugly angles and dropped like a stone to the edge of the garden.
It lay fluttering strongly when the anger reached it.
He lifted and examined it approvingly.
One wing was shot almost clear of the body.
That was the mark he liked to make.
He swung the bird under his arm, took out his jackknife, pried open the mouth, slipped the
long tongue, tied the feet together, and hung it outside his door to bleed to death.
His death he had heard, improved the flavor.
Without washing his hands, he prepared his supper.
Salt pork and bacon fried together, corn cakes soaked in the gravy and coffee.
The fire glowed in the hollow of the great rock and the smell of the cooking crept
about.
The anger was almost ready to eat by the clear light of the transparent sky when he saw
a figure coming across the clearing.
He leapt for his rifle.
Since the last sheriff had been shot, he was never perfectly at ease with any stranger.
Up before his hand had closed, it relaxed at the sound of a triple whistle.
He wheeled and looked again.
The stranger had almost reached the burn of the fire light.
Blast my bones and blast me, cried the anger.
Dad!
Something deep and big had come in his voice, as the two men met in shook hands that
was a gladness in them both.
They moved apart in a minute.
The anger took the pack, which the older man swung off, and went about cutting more salt
pork and bacon.
His father found the wash basin, his father found the wash basin, and washed, breathing
noisily through the water cupped in his hands.
Not much was said, but anyone would have known that the two were glad of the moment.
Not much grub, said his father, and grub hungry, and flung himself on the ground before
the campfire.
Now, I'm dead, beat, my bones ache, he added.
The anger filled his father's plate and went on frying the meat, and the fire light
their faces looked alike.
The older man's skin was beginning to draw tightly, showing the rugged modeling of the
thick bones.
His huge hands looked loose and ineffectual.
Something welled up and flooded the anger when he saw his father's hand tremble as he
lifted his tin cup.
Larger in scale, more definite and drawing, and triumphantly younger the anger was, brown
skinned and leveled eye, and deep chested.
His naked veined right arm grasping the handle of the skillet as if it were a battering
ram.
When the anger registered in the inn at inch were signed to check in his bank in the city,
his pen bit through the paper like acid, because he did everything as if his tool were
a battering ram.
But his eyes, as they rested now on his father's hand, the tremble were soft and mute,
like a dog's eyes.
What kind of luck, Dad?
He said, the older man looked across his wooden platter and smiled whimsically.
Same kind?
He answered.
None, but look at here, Sonny.
He added, I found out something.
I bet you, Dad, said the anger.
I ain't ever going to have any luck, said the old man.
I'm done for.
I'm done.
A year or two more, and I'll be spated in.
It's the darkest, funniest feeling, he said, musingly, to get onto it that you're all in.
A back number.
I got a quit plan in it, not on your life.
The anger began, but his father roared at him and shut up.
He said, fondly, you dang'd runt you.
You must've noted for two years back.
No nothing.
I said the anger stoutly.
The older man put his plate on the ground and laid down beside it, his head on his hand.
And it's a devil of a feel.
He said, don't feel it.
Said the anger.
Cut it.
Said his father almost sternly.
I brought you up to kill a man if you have to, but not lie to a man, eh?
Well, don't you lie to me now.
The anger was silent, and his father went on.
I was always so dead sure, he said, that I was cut out to be rich.
When I was a kid in the tainery, I was dead sure.
When I hit the trail for the mines, I thought the time was right ahead, and that was
50 years ago.
Quit dead.
Said the anger uncomfortably.
I've got it.
What's the difference?
The flagpole is good for all either of us that'll ever want.
I forgot, though, said the older man quickly, that you banked on the flagpole, getting my
advice.
If you done it, as I said, you'd be grubbing yet, same as me, and it's all luck, said the
anger.
What can anybody tell?
We're getting the stuff, and there's a long sight more than we need, ain't that enough?
When you want to wear yourself out for, his father leaned against the end of the warm
rock, and lighted his pipe, and did I say I wanted to?
He asked.
I'd done it so long, I can't help myself.
I'll be scamming how deals, and being led in on the ground floor, and finding a sure
thing till I croak, and getting took in, regular.
He regarded his son curiously.
What you're going to do with your pile, he inquired.
The anger sat, clasping his knees, looking up at the height of white face, thick black
in the thin darkness.
His face was relaxed, and there was a boyishness, and a sweetness, and his grave mouth.
Nothing.
He said, till I get the pool to leave here, to leave inch, said his father incredulously,
to leave here.
The anger repeated, throwing out his arm to the wood.
This is good enough for me for a while yet.
I thought maybe the society down there said his father with a jerk of his head, the
lights in the valley, was given you some call to sit by.
The anger sprang up, so it is.
He said, tonight, bunch is getting spliced.
He was the antagonist, said the other.
The more girl said the anger, lunges a fine lot to draw, he added, she's too good a hand
for him.
I want to go down and see if it pulled off, he asked.
His father hesitated, looking down to the valley, to the humble sparkling of inch.
Ah, I don't reckon I really won't get drunk tonight, he said slowly.
Ah, I'll save up till I do.
The anger stretched, prodigously, bunching his great shoulders, lifting his tense arms,
bearing their magnificent muscles.
Ah, I got it, I guess, he said, but gosh, how I hate it.
He carried the remnants of the food into the hut and made a simple preparation for festivity.
As he emerged, he was arrested by a faint stirring and fluttering.
He listened and it was near at hand, and then he saw the wood duck, writhing at the
end of the string that bound its legs, beneath it lay a little dark pool.
No sense and bleedin' all the good out of you, thought the anger, and with the butt of
the six shooter, he thought he was pocketing, he struck the bird a friendly blow on the head,
and stilled it.
The forest lay in premature night, save where a little mountain broke caught and treasure
the dying daylight.
It was immensely still.
The anger's tread and brushing at the thickest silence would ever move men of tiny
life had been stirring before him.
The trail wound for half a mile down the incline, and the never broken growth.
Once in the preceding winter, when the flagpole mine was at last known with certain
data be the sensation of the year, the anger had soowed out a neat sum in the lining of
his coat and a gondon-spec San Francisco.
He had wanted to see a library, and he saw one, and stood baffled among the books of which
he had never heard, stammering before a polite young woman who said, make out your card,
please over there, and presented at the further desk.
He had wanted to see an art gallery, and he went confused among alien shapes and nameless
figures, and had obediently bought a catalog of which he made nothing.
Then he had gondon dinner with the family of one of the stockholders, and had suffered
anguish among slipping rugs and ambiguous silver.
The next night, the new collar and Kravat discarded, he had turned up in one of his old
haunts on the barbary coast, on his experience he made only one comment, and they
know too damn much, and there's too damn much they don't know, he said, but the woods
he understood, all that he had hoped to feel in the library and the art gallery and in
that home he felt when the woods had him, out there he was his own man.
As he went he shouted out a roaring music hall song.
Then when he had ceased as if he became conscious of some in congruity, he stood still,
perhaps with some vague idea of restoring silence.
In a moment he heard something move in the tree above his head, an anxious chip chip
in the leaves, as if some soft breasts were beating in fear, and an inquiring head
were poised listening.
Instantly he lifted his revolver and fired and fired again.
He heard nothing.
Had anything fallen he could certainly not have come upon it next day, it was the need to
do something.
As he cleared the wood, the lights of the town lay sparkling in a cup of the desert.
At sight of them there was something that he wanted to do, or to be.
The vastness of the sky, the nearness of the stars, the immanence of people, these possessed
him.
He caught off his cap and broken to a run, tossing back his hair like a man, damn that little
town, damn it, damn it, he chanted, like an invocation to the desert, and to the night.
Our next sponsor has a product I literally use every day.
Guys, I started taking athletic greens because I was before popping a bunch of different
pills and supplements, and it was really expensive, it was really inconvenient, I was
at a certain point doing like 20 pills in the morning, and that's just too much, but now
I get it all from AG1, the drink from athletic greens.
So what is this stuff?
With one delicious scoop of athletic greens, you're absorbing 75 high quality, vitamins,
minerals, whole foods, or superfoods, probiotics, and adaptogens to help start your day
right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune
system, your energy, recovery, focus, and aging, all the things.
I wake up, I have my water, you know, just a glass of water, and then I have math,
let it greens, and then I wait an hour, and then I have my coffee, and it just gets me
started on the day, exactly how I want to.
It benefits my energy, all right?
I have sleep issues, not apnea, but issues, and it helps give me, I don't know, a boost
of energy that feels different than just caffeine.
The taste I would say is very mild, but if anything, I think it's kind of like a bubble
gum flavor, I've said this a lot, but I don't know, it tastes good, and there's no artificial
anything in it.
It's lifestyle friendly, whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy, flea, or gluten-free,
and it contains less than 1 gram of sugar, no GMOs, no nasty chemicals, or artificial
anything, while again, still tasting good.
It's also supports better sleep quality and recovery, mental clarity, and alertness, and
it's the one thing with the best things.
Athletic greens uses the best of the best products based on the latest science with constant
product iteration and third party testing.
Athletic greens was created by the way, when the founder experienced a ton of gut health
issues, and ended up on a complicated supplement routine to recover.
That cost him over $100 a day, so he created athletic greens after experiencing how difficult
it was to create an optimal nutrition routine on your own.
I was in the same spot.
I mean, maybe not $100 a day, but way more than I wanted to be spending, and now I get
it all from athletic greens.
So right now, it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient,
daily nutrition, especially heading into flu and cold season.
It's just one scoop in a cup of water every day.
That's it.
No need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health, and
to make it easy, athletic greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of immune
supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
All you have to do is visit at letagreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athletic greens.com slash what's that?
To take ownership over your health, and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance.
Thanks, athletic greens.
Guys, have you ever had an acne break out at the worst possible time?
I know I have.
I've been blessed with great skin.
I don't break out easily, but when I do, it's always before something important, right?
A big performance, a wedding, a date, something I care about where I have to look nice.
And of course, pimple number one, pimple number two, and we've all had our struggles with
our skin, but that's why we're excited to partner with apostrophe, the sponsor of this
episode.
Apostrophe is a prescription skin care company that offers science, backed, oral and topical
medications that are clinically proven to help clear acne.
At apostrophe, a board certified dermatologist will create a personalized treatment plan
that is perfectly tailored to your unique skin.
Simply fill out apostrophes online quiz about your skin goals and medical history, then
snap a few selfies and a board certified dermatologist will create your customized treatment
plan.
Apostrophe treats all types of acne, from hormonal acne to facial acne and even chest
knee, back knee and butt knee, they treat breakouts from head to toe.
Apostrophe makes it easy, I don't know what else to say, they help you reach your skin
care goals.
For me, I often times have dark circles under my eyes, and apostrophes help me out
with that a lot.
We have a special deal, by the way, for a headgum podcast audience members, you can say
$15 off your first visit with an apostrophe provider at apostrophe.com slash what's
that when you use our code, what's that?
This code is only available to headgum podcasts listeners, so to get started, just go
to apostrophe.com slash what's that in the news code, what's that?
To sign up, and you'll get your very first visit for only $5.
Again, that's apostrophe, a, p, o, s, t, r, o, p, h, e.com slash what's that?
coupon code, what's that?
To get your dermatologist crafted treatment plan for $5 and we thank apostrophe for sponsoring
this podcast.
Thanks, apostrophe.
My friends, what you've just heard is chapter one, again, of Zona Gail's Hearts Kindred,
which, and a time like this for me is, well, everything.
Fuck, it's hard, you know, this whole show has been my whole life for almost two years
now, or for over two years now, and I can feel the opportunity slipping.
There's certain historical figures that are, you know, generational talents.
You're looking at Zona Gail, Frankie Gail, Wiley Vail, Elvin Bail, Edgar Dail, etc.
These are people that, you know, they had their shot and they took it, and here I am
hissing my shot away.
So, Jake, Amir, Maria, Marty, everyone at Headgum, I hope that you hear this episode
and think one or both of the following two things.
One, Zona Gail was a generational talent and artist really a storyteller, rivaled only
maybe by, well, me, and two, if you don't want the show to be shit like this every week,
then I think you'll have me back in studio.
And I think you'll re-higher my ass on air next week.
That was a hit-dum original.